the next destination for David and the
team was the Savannah of South Guyana
but the journey was not entirely plain
sailing some of the transport when we
were lucky was a little seaplane driven
by a wonderful pilot he must have been X
Air Force or something like that because
he was just brilliant and we had to take
off on a fairly short e stretch of river
which finished in very tall jungly trees
in it we had Jack Lester the David and a
massive equipment
it looked awfully overloaded to me and
Colonel William said don't worry lads he
said I've done this before and the
engine started he put absolutely full
boost on
and we're all down this stretch of river
and we go faster and faster
and suddenly I could see the please
coming close in person close somebody he
was going straight I'm so convinced you
can't go straight into this when
suddenly well they were just because he
suddenly put his arm round to control
the sky while he was doing at least
something it started thumping I said
here okay yeah I said I need my bifocals
but it tastes Asus and we just made it
listen to this one this is a pigeon this
is a horse